After winning the championship, Paintorn opened for us.
Please look here.
You guys will win the first place, if you catch it.
And if you fail, this reward will also pay off.
We're counting on you, punishment time!
One... Two... Three...
Four... competing...
Serge is out now.
One... Two... Three...
Iroda
Moon
Brilliant
Great
The mountain is a great place to live
The park is very famous
In the morning,
the old lady waves her hands
The sound of the horse is also famous
In the morning,
this is a famous wheel
on the island of Isheavy
And so she rounds her eyes
As she purges her eyes
in the prime of the sea
Three young friends
processors born of their bosom!
Three whole people are팠 with one another.
Two th God and a stepson from the old game capital.
On the day of sticks-on mat medication
With only water and fish
In the middle of Luncheon,
of the spirits of Yamagoi
The
ankyou where the
Thank you for watching!